Since when did we become stalkers?
Where is she?
I know she has a bunch of crazy fans trying to get her attention,
but if those assholes think they have a shot with my woman.
You're not seeing the news.
Thelma has announced she's single again.
What?
Yeah!
Every bunch of haters have turned into friends now.
Especially after watching her show.
I'm sorry for your turn.
You think I was up to no good?
Thelma, thelma.
Are you still working with Ardawan Investment Family?
The Ardawan family has never officially announced your divorce.
Is there something that they're hiding?
Was your marriage to Edward Edward in strictly business, like the tab I say?
Why don't you ask men himself?